What will you see on the computer screen at the first stage of each repetition?
Two letters.
What choice must you make after the two letters have appeared?
To go left or right.
Which key must you press to go left?
The left arrow key.
How much time do you have to make your choice at the first stage?
2 seconds.
What will you see on the screen if you don't make a choice at the first stage?
The word SLOW.
What happens if you don't make a choice at the first stage and see the word SLOW?
The first stage restarts.
Which key must you press to go right?
The right arrow key.
After you go left or right to the second stage, what will you see on the screen?
The pink screen or the blue screen.
If you see the letters AA and go left, which screen are you likely to go to?
The blue screen.
If you see the letters BA and go right, which screen are you likely to go to?
The blue screen.
If you see the letters BB and go right, which screen are you likely to go to?
The pink screen.
How likely are you to go to the blue screen after seeing the letters AB and going right?
With 80% probability.
If you see the letters BA and go left, which screen are you likely to go to?
The pink screen.
If you see the letters BB and go right, which screen are you likely to go to?
The pink screen.
If you see the letters AB and go left, which screen are you likely to go to?
The pink screen.
How likely are you to go to the blue screen after seeing the letters AA and going left?
With 80% probability.
Which key must you press at the pink screen to find out if you got a money reward?
The up arrow key.
What will you see on the screen if you got a money reward?
A dollar sign.
What will you see on the screen if you didn't get a money reward?
An X.
Which key must you press at the blue screen to find out if you got a money reward?
The up arrow key.
What happens after you see the dollar sign or the X on the screen?
The next repetition starts.
Will you always get a reward if you get to the pink screen?
No.
Does the probability of getting a reward change depending on which two letters appeared?
No.
What determines the probability of getting a reward?
If you got to the blue or the pink screen.
Will you always get a reward if you get to the blue screen?
No.
